## Newco Coding Challenge
​
### Getting started
This project uses ruby 3.0.1 and is configued to use [rvm](https://rvm.io), but feel to use whichever version manager you prefer.
```
git clone https://github.com/IAC-Newco/newco-coding-challenge && cd newco-coding-challenge
bundle
rake db:create && rake db:migrate
rspec
```
​
### Challenge
​
This is a challenge to see how you solve a problem that's similar to the work we do here at Newco. This assumes you know basic Rails principles and it's really for us to see your thought process plus there's some creative thinking involved. 
​
It should take no more than 1-2 hours but please don't feel like you need to be super thorough with everything, we'll only review whatever you provide.
​
The application is a simple social network where a user can follow/have followers, create posts that have some content, and those posts can be "liked" or "saved" by other users. 
​
The task is to implement 3 different feed API methods, which can be found at `app/controllers/api/v1/feed_controller.rb`:
​
#### `for_user`
​
Implement a feed based on view status of a post and following status of the poster.
​
Sort -> First, we want to prioritize posts that have not been viewed by current_user. Then, we want to divide these unviewed posts into buckets based on the day of creation. Within each day we want to show posts from users that the current_user follows first then other posts. After serving all unviewed posts as described above, we can just served already viewed content based on post creation timestamp
​
Example - current_user follows User A and User B but not User C and User D. in general the sort order would be the following:
1. all unviewed posts created by User A and User B on 4/6
2. all unviewed posts created by User C and User D on 4/6
3. all unviewed posts created by User A and User B on 4/5
4. all unviewed posts created by User C and User D on 4/5 (...continuing until all unviewed posts have been shown))
5. then all previously viewed posts from Users A/B/C/D, sorted reverse chronologically
​
#### `top`
​
Implement a feed based on overall popularity on the platform.
​
Sort -> We want to rank all posts based on a score generated by the following equation:
​
3 * likes and 1 * views
​
E.g. A post has 10 likes and 24 views. (3 * 10) + (1 * 24) = 54 is this post's score.
​
However we also only want to show posts that have not been viewed by the current_user
​
#### `custom`
​
Construct a custom feed based on any logic that you think describes a well implemented feed.
​
The goal here is to provide a user a single feed of posts that is as tailored as possible to the user and also to surface other popular content that they may have missed
